Appreciation of beauty & Exellence:"I recognize, emotionally experience, and appreciate the beauty around me and the skill of others."
Bravery:"I act on my convictions, and I face threats, challenges, difficulties, and pains, despite my doubts and fears."
Creativity:"I am creative, conceptualizing something useful, coming up with ideas that result in something worthwhile."
Curiosity:"I seek out situations where I gain new experiences without getting in my own or other people's way."
Fairness:"I treat everyone equally and fairly, and give everyone the same chances applying the ame rules to everyone."
Forgiveness:"I forgive others when they upset me and/or when they behave badly towards me, and I use that iformation in my future relations with them."
Gratitude:"I am grateful for many things and I express that thankfulness to others."
Honesty:"I am honest to myself and to others, I try to present myself and my reactions accurately to each person, and I take responsibility for my actions."
Hope:"I am realistic and also full of optimism about the future, believing in my actions and feeling confident things will turn out well."
Humility:"I see my strenghs and talents but I am humble, not seeking to be the center of attention or to receive recognition."
Humor:"I approach life playfully, making others laugh, and finding humor in difficult and stressful times."
Judgment:"I weigh all aspects objectively in making decisions, including arguments that are in conflict with my convictions."
Kindness:"I am helpful and empathic and regularly do nice favors for others without expecting anything in return."
leadership:"I take charge and guide groups to meaningful goals, and ensure good relations among group members."
Love:"I experience close, loving relationships that are characterised by giving and receiving love, warmth, and caring."
Love Of Learning:"I am motivated to acquire new levels of knowledge, or deepen my existing knowledge or skills in a significant way."
Perseverance:"I persist toward my goals despite obstacles,discouragemkents,or disappointments."
Perspective:"I give advice to othres by considering different (and relevant) perspecitives and using my own experiences and knowledge to clarify the big picture."
Prudence:"I act carefully and cautiously, looking to avoid unnecessary risks and planning with the future in mind."
Self-Regulation:"I manage my feelings and actions and am disciplined and self-controlled."
Social Intelligence:"I am aware of and understand my feelings and thoughts, as well as the feelings of those around me."
Spirituality:"I feel spiritual and believe in a sense of purpose or meaning in my life; and I see my place in the grand scheme of the universe and find meaning in everyday life."
Teamwork:"I am a helpful and contributing group and team member, and feel responsible for helping the team reach its goals."
Zest:"I feel vital and full of energy, I approach life feeling activated and enthusiastic."